a half human half vampire is a guardian
of a place where mortal vampires live
and when immortal vampire come to
destroy their place the girl will have a
lot to do to keep the peace
welcome to total recaps today we will
explain a 2015 action comedy titled
vampire academy
get ready for some spoilers take a seat
and enjoy
rose is a girl who has a telepathic bond
with her friend lisa
since escaping a special school a year
ago they are still adapting to life in
the outside world they enter the kitchen
where lisa bites her and feeds on her
blood
they notice someone watching them and
they start the pursuit they manage to
capture them and one of the guys dmitry
tells them they must go back to the
school
he then takes down rose and takes them
back to the school
the school is a special place for the
maroy kind the vampires who are mortal
just like lissa rose on the other hand
is a dom peer which is a half maroy
whose task is to protect moroi on their
way to the academy they encounter some
sort of a danger and dimitri goes to
investigate while girls remain in the
vehicle
rose is able to free herself from her
handcuffs and exit the vehicle
as soon as she walks outdoors a
strogaway approaches her more guards
arrive and manage to subdue the beast
the stroga wire evil vampires who are
immortal just like real vampires
finally they arrive to the academy which
attracts moroy and dom peers from all
around the globe to study
the murrow study magic and the dom peers
learn how to battle
their secret organization has its own
government with 12 royal families
rotating as leaders
lisa is from one of such families and
she has the potential to become a leader
in the future
dimitri summons them to speak with a
headmistress kirova dashkov comes in and
begs the headmistress not to punish the
girls harshly for escaping lissa is the
last of her family's line and the
potential heir to the throne
when the headmistress threatens rose
with expulsion for assisting the
possible successor in fleeing dimitri
enters and informs her that they have
the connection between them which is
extremely rare they all manage to
persuade kirova to let rose stay in the
end
later the don pierce have an exercise
class and rose joins mason and the
others
mason later knocks her unconscious in a
simulated fight rose's connection with
lissa is suddenly reactivated she
notices her on her way to the school
church chatting with christian about his
parents who turned into strogaine lissa
and rose eventually meet again and she
informs her that she spotted her with
christian
they enter the school cafeteria where
there is a human feeder program so lisa
starts to feed the girls then go to
church where alyssa inquires about mia
who is a girlfriend of her ex-boyfriend
aaron
suddenly there is a tremendous boom
outside the church and everyone runs
outside to find that lissa's family
monument has been desecrated
kirova drags lissa away and orders
everyone to retreat to their rooms
rose makes plans to see jesse the
following day
they meet and start making out and he
wants to eat her but she refuses to let
him
while they make out jesse tries to take
a bite into rose but she refuses him to
do so and dimitri rushes in in the right
time to stop him since jesse refused to
stop
rose suddenly gets another vision this
time seeing lissa outside her chamber
where a dead fox has been hung up
dimitri and she dash over to her she
informs rose that she tried but failed
to bring it back
later rose and natalie search lisa's
room for her but all they discover is a
bloody message on her wall
natalie is the daughter of dashkov rose
instructs the girl to taste the blood
and inform her as to whose blood it is
she informs her that the blood is maroy
lisa resolves not to flee the school
again and suggests that they investigate
mia
rose on the other hand believes they
should concentrate on carp
rose then meets christian who is worried
about lissa
rose informs him that lissa dislikes him
rose and dimitri rehearse the next day
in the woods
he informs her that her only weapons
against the strogo eye are sunshine and
silver
they go back to the school and he
inquires about her mother's letter given
that she is one of the world's most
dreaded dom peers
dimitri inquires as to what she knows
about her maroy father but she has no
idea
rose has another vision afterwards
lissa is conversing with one of mia's
friends and uses compulsion power to
persuade her and her friends to uncover
information about mia
rose approaches lissa and informs her
that utilizing her talent comes at a
price for both of them natalie and rose
are later going through mia's computer
they come upon pictures of mia and
lisa's brother all of a sudden
they were dating and the girls suspect
he had harmed her leading her to hate
the lissa's lineage as a whole
as time passes lissa continues to impose
her compulsion on everyone at school and
rose fears that it is transforming her
into someone she is not if the dark
forces take her over she might turn into
strogaine later during her practice
session with dimitri rose inquires about
carp
he claims he has never heard of her
which enrages rose since she believes
that everyone avoids talking about her
rose sneaks into kirova's workplace the
following day and discovers a cd
she realizes it's a collection of videos
featuring carp
she claims in one of them that those
like her who never declare a magic are
always drawn to darkness
the following day girls are attending
the party where everyone is having a
good time
later as rose was walking away lissa
follows her and they start to argue over
christian
they then hear a commotion and natalie
appears informing them that something
has been following her they hear a howl
and rose claims she was being pursued by
a psy dog
the girls flee but the monster pursues
them lissa discovers her bag in the
middle of the playground with her cat
dead inside
she starts to resurrect it but she
passes out before she can complete it
after seeing her fresh wounds rose again
remembers how she is the only one who
can save her rose later tells the school
staff about her mission saying that it
was the reason she needed to get lissa
out of the school
one of the instructors inquires about
lisa's ability to resurrect the dead but
rose responds that she can only bring
people back from the verge of death
kirova is skeptical of lisa's compulsion
abilities but rose assures her that she
has used them on her kirova offers to
show her the remainder of the carp
footage dimitri informs rose that carp
had a nervous breakdown and transformed
into a strogo eye
rose has another vision of lissa
approaching the professors and using
compulsion to persuade them that what
rose had told them was a lie
christian and rose later meet at the
library
christian believes the headmistress the
queen and me are conspiring to drive her
insane
lissa sees them and assumes they're
dating but he assures her they were only
trying to assist her and kisses her she
pushes him away and declares her hatred
for him
rose and lissa then have an argument and
rose tells her about carp
that irritates lissa even more but the
two calm down eventually and act as if
nothing happened
later they go shopping in the mall
rose tells lissa that kirovo will soon
separate them so they need to quickly
figure out what is going on
after the mall natalie gives rose a
beautiful necklace for the upcoming
party
later at the party christian can be seen
dancing with lissa
mason tracks down rose and forces jesse
and ray to reveal the truth about mia to
her they claim to be the ones who
scribbled the gory message on lisa's
chamber wall but they deny that they
killed her cat
mia interrupts christian and lisa's
dance and starts to lash out rose
doesn't believe mia when she claims she
didn't harm the cat and mocks her in
front of everyone before knocking her
unconscious
rose is imprisoned in a chamber when she
sees lissa being abducted kirova enters
and prepares to sedate her but rose
outsmarts her and administers the
sedative to her instead she rushes to
dimitri's chamber to inform him about
lissa when dimitri learns the necklace
is a love charm they proceed to make
love
after that get in their vehicle and
search the academy grounds for lissa
they also discover christian hiding in
the backseat
rose then has a vision
she sees dashkov has taken melissa a
prisoner because he is about to die and
needs a powerful healer such as lisa to
keep him alive
he wants her to sacrifice her life for
his claiming he would be an excellent
leader of maroy
she is tortured by a blind vampire he is
forcing her to use her powers which she
eventually does
in her vision rose locates lissa and
they all rush to help her dimitri goes
first and rose and christian follow
dimitri then engages in a fight with
dashka soldiers the final battle has
just begun
sends his psyhounds after alyssa while
dimitri is fighting dash of guardian
outside dashka sends a chopper after his
opponents but rose and christian managed
to knock out the pilot dashka then
shoots christian but gets shot by
dimitri as well
sai hounds then attack and christian
stops them but needs help after his
attack
in order to heal him lissa first needs
some strength so she drinks blood from
rose
christian is then healed
back at the academy kirova tells rose
and dimitri that dashkaf has been
sentenced to jail and natalie has been
expelled
rose is informed that dashkov wants to
speak with her
he explains that lisa's power was
reawakened in the accident and that she
utilized it for the first time to rescue
herself
she had passed over to the other side
and returned when she was kissed by
shadows
she turns around to discover natalie has
transformed into a strogo eye to assist
her father
she frees her father and continues to
battle rose in the jail
simultaneously dimitri comes and
apprehends dashkaf as he attempts to
flee
after a quarrel between him and natalie
rose finally kills her lissa learns more
about her new powers and then declares
she will never turn into a strogo eye
she will never let dark forces take over
her because she had rose on her side
guarding her lissa confronts the queen
as she arrives at the school
she informs every one of her proclaimed
powers and gives a speech to unite the
kids
carp is discovered to be planning an
assault on the school with an army of
strogaway at the very end
thank you for watching if you want to
see more make sure to subscribe and turn
on notifications
see you later